Item1:
Retesting is testing the same functionality after it has been updated or bugs fixed. It means that it has been tested at least once before retesting
Regression is testing different functionalities of the system after every release. It is about checking if a new functionality did not affect the whole system previuosly tested/implemented.

Item2:
They all make the system malfunction, but the difference is when they are discovered or if they are a showstopper
ERROR is a mistake or a misunderstanding in coding or requirements
DEFECT is an error found after implementation. It is about something already in use, not in production
A BUG is an error or defect that causes the malfunction, mostly during testing phase
FAULT is an incorrect step that causes the system to perform in an undesired manner
FAILURE is when a software does not satisfy its functionality

Item3:
Agile works in sprints, commonly of 2,3 weeks or something like this and after every sprint there is a deliberable. That means that devs start coding and at the same time testers begin writing tests and they have a deliverable functionality at the end of the sprint
The V-model is similar to cascade-model, but the testing team begin work at the start of the project. Obviously, some of the testing can be done only after coding, but some tests cand be written before.

Item4:
Black box is when you do not have access to code. Examples:
Equivalence Partitioning, Boundary Value Analysis.
White box is the opposite, you have access to the code
open-source software. the most obvious is unit testing, integration testing

Item5: Testcases



TEST PLAN LOGIN FORM
1. valid email and valid password
2. valid email with invalid password
3. invalid email valid password
4. invalid email invalid password
5. valid email empty password
6. empty email empty password
7. Functional button for forgot your password
8. facebook login
9. g+ login
10. linkedin login
11. check validations of email format, 
12. check password restrictions
13. check forgot your password button

TESTPLAN SIGN UP form (Create Account)
1. Enter valid name, email, password
2. check validations for name, emmail format
3. check password restrictions
4. invalid cases

TestCase Valid login
1. navigate to login page
2. enter valid email
3. enter valid password
4. click login
Expected result: successful login message.

TestCase Valid SIGNUP
1. enter name xxxxxxx
2. enter email yyyyyy
3. click signup
expected result: account created successfully



Item6: 
Bug Report - check if it has already been reported, include the report in the appropiate user story

Title: Login not possible using valid credentials
Description: Used valid email and valid password and can not login
Environment: Chrome xxxxxxx
Steps:
1. navigate to login page xxxxxxxx
2. enter the email xxxxxxxx
3. enter the password yyyyyy
3. click the signin button

Actual result: a message stating incorrect password
Expected result: succesful login

set severity very high
set priority very high